docs: add working group details (#5)
expressjs/security-wg: README.md

# Security Working Group

## Charter

> The Security Working Group manages all aspects and processes linked to Express.js security, and is responsible for managing incoming security reports, and responsible also to prepare patches or releases. The nature of this task is sensitive, so only the Security triage team, Repo Captains and TC members will be involved on it.

Reviewer: I made a similar edit in the other doc. There is some ambiguity with this, but I think the project is not named `Express.js` and I think that this group has responsibilities beyond the `express` package itself. We should probably say "the Express project" everywhere as a way to indicate the entire collection of packages.

```suggestion
The Security Working Group manages all aspects and processes linked to the Express project's security, and is responsible for managing incoming security reports, and responsible also to prepare patches or releases. The nature of this task is sensitive, so only the Security triage team, Repo Captains and TC members will be involved on it.
```

Author: Updated in b5a4abfc80f911bd7e41cba8b2aa8e8a6e668b8b

> **Responsibilities include**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Responsibilities

```

- Define the Security triage role
- Define and maintain security policies and procedures for the project and the packages in scope

> - Elaborate guidelines and recommendations for the ecosystem on how to build more secure middleware

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Provide guidance to the ecosystem on how to build more secure middleware
```

> - Review and recommend processes for handling of security reports (but not the actual handling of security reports, which are reviewed directly by the TC).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Review and recommend processes for handling of security reports (but not the actual handling of security reports, which are reviewed directly by the TC).
```

```suggestion
- Review and recommend processes for handling of security reports (but not the actual handling of security reports, which are reviewed directly by the TC).
```

This look confusing, why triagers are not handling security reports?

Author: Yes @marco-ippolito, seems like I made a mistake when I was copying it. So, amend the commit.

> - Promote improvement of security practices within the Express.js ecosystem (For example: [OSSF Scorecard](https://github.com/expressjs/discussions/issues/162), threat model, etc..)

Reviewer 2: per @wesleytodd's comment, update express.js to match any change

Author: Updated in b5a4abfc80f911bd7e41cba8b2aa8e8a6e668b8b

- Recommend security improvements for the project and the packages in scope

> - Support the TC team on security triage when is requested

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support the TC team on security triage as needed
```

- Support initiatives from the [OpenJS Foundation Security Collab Space](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support initiatives from the OpenSSF [Best Practices for Open Source Developers Working Group](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers).
```

even if I'm the only one who participates there, perhaps this is an easy addition here?

Author: I love the idea, I added a comment in #1

## Current Initiatives

We are currently defining the Initiatives for 2024, [feel free to participate](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/issues/1).

> | Initiative | Champion | Status | Links |

Author: Yes 🙏

|------------|----------|--------|-------|

> | OSSF Scorecard | [@inigomarquinez](https://github.com/inigomarquinez) | In progress | [#2](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/issues/2)|

Reviewer 2: I am loathe to pile on to the large list of things we want to get done, but we should consider configuring [allstar](https://github.com/ossf/allstar#what-is-allstar) at some point as well

Author: Great Idea! Added to the list https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/issues/1

| Threat Model | _TBC_ | In progress | [#3](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/issues/3) |
| Support OSTIF Audit | [@UlisesGascon](https://github.com/ulisesgascon) | In progress | [#6](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/issues/6)

## Members

> The Security Working Group is composed by two groups of members: the Security Triage Team and the Regular members. The regular members are responsible for the public facing activity of the group, while the Security Triage Team is responsible for the security triage process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Security Working Group is composed of two groups of members: the Security Triage Team and the Regular members. The regular members are responsible for the public facing activity of the group, while the Security Triage Team is responsible for the security triage process.
```

### Security Triage Team

- [Adam Ruddermann](https://github.com/ruddermann)
- [Chris de Almeida](https://github.com/ctcpip)
- [Jean Burellier](https://github.com/sheplu)
- [Marco Ippolito](https://github.com/marco-ippolito)
- [Rafael Gonzaga](https://github.com/RafaelGSS)
- [Ulises Gascón](https://github.com/UlisesGascon)
- [Wes Todd](https://github.com/wesleytodd)

### Team Members
- [Adam Ruddermann](https://github.com/ruddermann)
- [Carlos Serrano](https://github.com/carpasse)
- [Chris de Almeida](https://github.com/ctcpip)
- [Íñigo Marquínez Prado](https://github.com/inigomarquinez)
- [Jean Burellier](https://github.com/sheplu)
- [Marco Ippolito](https://github.com/marco-ippolito)
- [Rafael Gonzaga](https://github.com/RafaelGSS)
- [Ulises Gascón](https://github.com/UlisesGascon)
- [Wes Todd](https://github.com/wesleytodd)

## Meetings

> The Security Working Group meets every two weeks. Meetings are held on Zoom and are recorded or directly streamed to Youtube. The meeting is open to the public. The agenda and meeting notes are published in this repository.

Reviewer 4: Does it make sense to add a reference to the meetings calendar [here](https://openjsf.org/collaboration)? Or these meetings are not published in that calendar?

Reviewer: The are likely not yet, but I think this is a good idea and we can link the calendar even before they are added to it.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! I added it in the commit d1c993b12263c66f0674d8f020dc6c918dfbb88b

- [Ulises Gascón](https://github.com/UlisesGascon)
- [Wes Todd](https://github.com/wesleytodd)

### Team Members
- [Adam Ruddermann](https://github.com/ruddermann)
- [Carlos Serrano](https://github.com/carpasse)
- [Chris de Almeida](https://github.com/ctcpip)
- [Íñigo Marquínez Prado](https://github.com/inigomarquinez)
- [Jean Burellier](https://github.com/sheplu)
- [Marco Ippolito](https://github.com/marco-ippolito)
- [Rafael Gonzaga](https://github.com/RafaelGSS)
- [Ulises Gascón](https://github.com/UlisesGascon)
- [Wes Todd](https://github.com/wesleytodd)

## Meetings

The Security Working Group meets every two weeks. Meetings are held on Zoom and are recorded or directly streamed to Youtube. The meeting is open to the public. The agenda and meeting notes are published in this repository.

## Offline Discussions

The Security Working Group uses the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/issues) for offline discussions. The discussions are open to the public and anyone can participate. Also, the group uses the channel `#express-security-wg` in the [OpenJS Foundation Slack](https://openjsf.org/collaboration) for real-time discussions.

## Code of Conduct

> The  [Express.js CoC](https://github.com/expressjs/express/blob/master/Code-Of-Conduct.md) applies to this repo.

Reviewer 2: may need up for consistency (express.js)

Author: Solved at 317ff29dbb6a00c815bce0c43f24d0954c442ef8
